The U.S. governments attitude towards Iraq would indicate the freedoms and rights are to rely on guns? Does that mean the U.S. leaving from Afghanistan the country ushered in the rights and freedoms inherent? What the United States rely on to maintain the so-called universal rights and freedoms? Blamed on his way? So far the U.S. military occupation of Japan is proof of freedom and universal rights of Japanese from the U.S. military to protect, maybe not, this happiness and freedom from monitoring by the United States?
The United States, I wanted to warn you that you don't always wanted to be a world leader, and dont blame others. When you are talking about freedom, please think it over that you have been occupied the first Afghanistan, and control our great imperial Japan, so please give us your free!
In view of the situation in Ukraine, the United States has been interference lead to local failure, now, the United States is going into the intervention sanctions against Russia，but what qualifications do you have?American, since we are friend, why are you to monitor our network? Is this what you call freedom and democracy? By invented the Internet, you monitor the world's users online activities. This is really shameful!
For a long time Ive been thinking how can the US be a super country among the world for such a long time. Now it seems I have found an important reason, which is the US government keeps supporting other countries evil enemies, which helps stop the country from developing smoothly. It is smart, I have to say, but it is also very ugly. 
As to 1989 Tiananmen Event. I think everyone holds their own opinions. It has passed 25 years. What the rest of the world should do is keep re-thinking and avoid the same thing from happening, rather than increase the hate and bad emotions
The US government should really worry about themselves, rather than interfere other countries internal affairs. Ive been to China a lot of times. People are not like what the victims of 1989 had told the world. The Chinese think they are free and live in a happy life, although they may have some financial problems. They told me they Cherish the chance of living in a peace and safe environment. Why the US makes that statement? Its really not their business.
I dont like the USA government. We Japanese should get together and fight for our independence. Weve been restricted for too many years. Our government even doesnt dare to make any reasonable decisions on their own. Everything we are fighting for are the USs charities. Is it a good thing? No, obviously not. Japan should find a way to be independent. We need to fight!
I support the Chinese government to fight back. Although like many others, I dont know the truth about the 1989 event, but I know deeply, once the America interfere other countries internal things, the bad outcomes would come. Look at our Egypt! Wars and bloods every day. How can we get back
The US should eat their shit first. Barking everyday cant help your country get rid of your crisis. Every action youre doing brings you more enemies. No wonder there are so many terrorists. The US should be responsible for the terrorist attacks among the world.
The United States has accused other countries to suppress the right to freedom of expression, when riots in Egypt and Libya, Obama and Hillary Clinton on different occasions shouting respect the rights of the people occupying the square. But when the "Occupy Wall Street" movement broke out, the United States' hypocrisy exposed, U.S. police immediately began a peaceful march against the violent repression of the people. Even at the shot this video with informative material contrast, make us appreciate what the United States double standard.
American hype 64 events this year, illustrates a problem that they use all means against China, the economy, the negotiation, exchange rates, boycott Chinese goods, etc., politics, engage in Asia "NATO" Joint Japan, Korea, Philippines India and soon. They give pressure to the East China Sea, South China Sea with the Military; find a military base for China's missile development circles. They use the media to discredit the Chinese leaders, such as Premier Wen Jiabao, Xi Jinping, family and so on, the more the minds of the Chinese people more to discredit the image of the good, let the Chinese people feel lost confidence in this country in the dark. They pull support Xinjiang mob murder, crime and so on. Now they want to suppress china with 64. Americans are endless suppressing China that indicates they are afraid of china becoming strong. 64is simply because of Americans behind instigation 
Americans are never satisfied to China ---- unless you are willing to become its toe, a second-rate country Fushoutieer; unless you senseless wanton deterioration of the international environment on which their own survival, especially with neighboring countries themselves the relationship made tense, conflicts with self-trapped loner, four by the enemy's sinister situation;
U.S. House and Senate by the political storm in 1989 that by the ten anniversary of China's so-called June Fourth human rights resolution fully explained on the grounds of human rights by the United States in an attempt to create instability in the country.
A closer look at the United States and found that he never caused domestic strife, there are signs of a strangles immediately (eg Wall Street movement, the black movement of the 1960s, and so on) to kill it, because he knew that business people need most is stability. When unrest in other countries when it seemed to him the most secure capital flows on both of his place. It reinforces the status of the dollar. In fact, several major powers such as China and Russia see this point, only the Muslim countries in the Middle East and Africa, with the United States under the banner of democracy have to move flicker.
There are too many countries in the world, and thus fall into the United States for the establishment of a political scam and set up a world empire, long time to bear the torment of social unrest. Ukraine is just the latest one. However, it is important sanctimonious about international law, or the important vital national interests, Putin did not hesitate even for a minute, on the use of armed force, deployed together to answer. In the face of apparent illegal constitution, creating social unrest behavior, have the power to use force President Viktor Yanukovych did not use force to restore social order, which makes the world could not help but think about a common-sense question: For a country words, in the end is illusory "democracy" concept is important, or the survival and development of real importance? Is rendered alien discourse system "human rights" principle is important or important social stability and national security?
the white house went total silent, on Irans Arab spring silent on Irans march for the nukes the USA needs to shut up and focus on getting some cohesive foreign strategy together. This isnt the way to do it
I think it's a little funny for the government of USA to make this statement. Whether or not the truth has been published, it is a country own business. Why white house wants to govern any things? Could you just give me an explanation?
Has the White House made this statement in accordance with its statutory procedures? Does the American laws allow the authority of the state to interfere foreign countries internal affairs? I suppose not. If the White House can break the law to attack foreign countries, who knows it wont do the same thing to its own citizens.
The White House has no reason to blame other countries for suppressing student movements. The US nation army even shoot their innocent students, have they given the world a reasonable explanation?
The Germany has charged the US government for spying on Merkel. What the White House want to say about this? The White House is really disgusting, go to hell!
The world is under the supervising of the United States. Wake up! Wake up people! Are you satisfied of being controlled by the big brother? At least I am not. I dont want to be supervised by the FBI or CIA everyday. Theyre breaking the laws, infringing the given human right written in the constitution.
And the United States has nothing to do these things, do not interfere, do not think you are the ruler of the world.
Please American whereabouts of people were killed in Japan to apologize, you are the real murderer, a total of how many people died?
Please do not swear in American democracy here, you itself is not a democratic country, we know that criticized the internal affairs of China does not need you to interfere, do not think you will be able to keep a few to eat mixed on public opinion, simply jump beam clown.
Do you think they are the leaders of the world do? You're just a president of the United States only, what makes you qualified to shoulder the world's democratic process, a hundred years of history that he is the national trend of the world do? Just very conceited
Do not think you everywhere say a few words, the American people will be able to forgive the wrong political implemented in the United States you, do you think the American people would like you every day and it concerns the internal affairs? You think you are so you can show your American democracy? Do you think this country will be able to make more dependent on you? You really do when they are world leaders?
Please maintain the good order of the Second World War, and rule-making, not while preaching democracy while destroying their postwar order, which is what you as a democratic country in the world flaunt it?
Do you think the network will be able to use to defeat your enemy? Then you are wrong, the network only provides services to irrational people, the real reason people themselves will judge the truth and wrong, you can not distort history, please do not put others to look like you stupid
You are really afraid of it, to see what are the network publicity this year, ah, that the results are not, but also very confusing, can not stand the pressure, right? Personally speak out.
As an American I am ashamed for you, a little sense of responsibility are not, bad things their own country tubes, but also to find things that others countries, I beg you to find me a job!